Oh God pretty good after all that what a
bad good day with the band thank you
thank you that's uh yeah let's clean on
the CLE toes may I ask a personal
question just to get started I kits
gonna go anyway what do you want does
your wife ever give you a massage why is
that funny does he gear Mose well I was
back I was back there going no she
doesn't
well Guillermo just told me his wife
gives him a massage once every two
months and I found that almost you want
to see it oh well yeah I want to see it
cuz I don't believe it's really
happening and I don't I don't believe
she's putting her heart into it either
so you want to go see some other guy get
a massage from his wife that's just
creepy right there I want us to go see
another guy you know you're here on
bachelor Monday I was I was informed of
that yeah yeah this is do you watch The
Bachelor okay get it up of it in a room
of 30 women initially how do you even
figure out who's who
without badges I mean how do they know
who's here no idea I don't know I think
I watched the first season in the only
reality TV I do is for gags you know
watch auto shows uh-huh where they build
cars and then a buddy mind is on naked
and afraid and the reason that what's
that is I said so there is there a point
that he did his job is to blur out men
sacks that's his job
[Laughter]
that's how he does it well it's older
equipment uh-huh okay you got a roll by
these fees nutsack captain nutsack John
does it ever get the point you actually
see what people get used to everything
right do you ever go wow yeah like all
of the Ducks sex you see do you finally
go
not a bad this angle do you ever go yeah
he goes yeah I do yeah yeah no break
he'll bring other guys in hey guys look
at the guy walking up the hill not bad
huh they go you they turn over equipment
a lot people don't stay there that's a
good job that when you get it you go oh
wow this'll be fun I get to watch all
the naked people all the time he says
the most impressive guys if you can see
it while he's walking away and I said I
never thought about ever think about it
walk it away you go that would be a
problem sitting down the ugliest stuff
ever invented I don't know if God must
have been out of the room for that I'd
like to imagine a universe in which
there's another show but on that show
they're blurring everything but the nuts
yes history Genesis Croton us have you
ever done a nude scene in a film no I I
think it's funny but nude scene since
Nancy Travis who plays my wife on Last
Man Standing
Thursday on Fox owned by ABC now I think
I don't everything when when women are
in this business men don't get it that
much they go could you do one with your
top off that's our joke on our set just
do one like sometimes the writers it
just do it once it's written oh yeah go
know if I do it as written then you'll
use it right and that they always say
women just do one she says you got to
ask that a lot early in her career where
they don't know when to say no and all
that but they just said we're not gonna
use it
how does one with your top Bob I was
thinking did that ever go back in
history like David in Michelangelo the
statue guy
Michaelangelo ever get there a day Dave
it's David right can we do one without
the tunic I want to get the shape of the
buttocks area it's really cold here oh
yeah I can see that we're gonna have to
but it's not like we're gonna use it and
put it into a church shorty we'll put it
in Caesars put it Caesars Palace sitting
there with that thing there oh you got
Toy Story for got two Oscar nominations
today that song I saw you and your
little boy at the premiere right that's
right it was it was most exciting movie
because hanks that I wrote close buddies
because of this real sad at the end if
you haven't seen it that into finian
beyond but the great movie all right
thank it was so great to be have a
reboot it he got better and better it's
sad but too much of Keanu Reeves I got
to be I disagree kaboom character was
pretty funny right very funny yeah I
didn't like that oh oh there's cooler
than buzz at a point writers companies
only this big uh-oh
the toy is this big we go see a premiere
Keano and I were can oh good would you
go - we went to saw that premiere Oh
wanted us to see it I hadn't seen it
okay oh it shows up he I just finished
wick three don't watching it oh you're
right seven hundred murders in a minute
yeah see more murders it's a ballet of
violence what does that mean he's
dressed he looks just like wick I mean
he's got this beard in this hair and the
same frickin clothes like this guy so
he's right here a little creepy uh-huh
he's doing a toy movie right uh-huh
so I go into this whole thing hey you
know here's what I would do if if I was
in the movie if I was one of the
villains I'd say hey look let's keep him
out of enclosed spaces like wick you
don't want to get him in a factory
uh-huh or God knows a bar cuz that's
where he shot like seven thousand people
what I would do is I waited you come out
of your houses you have a little dog you
walk did I'd be across the street with a
big rifle and I just pick you off coming
out of the house you didn't even blink
he goes Wychwood no you were they
[Laughter]
I hate nothing nothing like if you have
nicest guys in the world I know you do
something every year with a group of
fellow comics at the Laugh Factory where
you guys feed the homeless and people
who are less fortunate people who need a
meal at the Hollies did you do that this
year do it every year Jamie Masada he's
done this for about 30 years and it's
just it it's great number one it's just
great to powder on guys how it used to
work the left fork you still work there
this you get people there's hundreds I'm
there my wife and I go with our kids and
my guts and nephews and nieces that we
all go and I'm on the light meat she's
on the dark meat I wanna get in some
politically it just happens to me
there's a two part of the turkey yes
it's the darker meat and happy to be
part of the right you with lighter meat
anyway but you get people in there at
the end of the night you got to be on
stage you know Jamie go scrub them to a
few jokes mm-hmm I got an apron on made
out of plastic gloves and I'm I'm doing
bits to homeless people is annoying ago
so I'm in out of my house you have a car
you get people guy comes through the
line he comes through like six times it
wasn't my turn anything you want you get
together because you have an agent yeah
state farmer you're a big debate joke is
no an agent agent like oh yeah easy pal
he goes I got a script right away he's
got a script I said this is almost not
jobless he came by like six times and
now he's you've got to have some
connections in this business
oh no the cross the street the Starbucks
I go there all the time and there's a
homeless guy who was feeding like I keep
going in there feed him he shows up the
cold water across the hill and another
Starbucks comes out of the end of
dumpster same guy this is hours later
how the hell did you get over here he's
uncomfortable because he even remembers
my face I remember his face and he says
hey I don't anymore tell me no basil
don't do that another Starbucks I go
where the guy's going he's going
ballistic in there he's going at this at
that it's b-word see where he's
screaming at the step then in that the
girl comes behind the desk manager sir
you've got yo FTF bomb bombs see every
word
he's on like this and I'm trying to get
by him like this he stops it gay love
your new show alright so oh that dudes
gotta calm down you're gonna hurt
yourself
all that scream gotta see this crowd
people at home get lit up so speaking of
enthusiasm and speaking of screaming
there's a gut do you know about this guy
there's a guy his name is Malcolm and
grunting kid yes the grunting kid now I
think it's best to let Malcolm explain
what he's up to for himself here we go
I was making a video to announce my new
series I'm doing called Kim Elam grunt
every day where I make a video of myself
doing a Tim Ellen grunt every day until
Tim Allen recognizes me and does the
grunt of his own okay now he sought by
the date that's almost three years ago
this guy is made like a thousand videos
let's look at some of what he's done
I feel like and obviously you can handle
this any way you want but I heard a guy
I feel like there's no end to this for
this poor bastard and now that he's
committed to it he this could go on into
his senior year so would you be willing
to give him the grunting acknowledgment
that the gardens are all witnesses here
when it goes bad you end up in court
okay
mr. Kimmel what are you thanking when
you bought this guy - Tim I'll see I
don't know we were just on the way to
watch Guillermo get a massage Choi's
what's his name his name's Malcolm so
Malcolm you can now get on with your
life you can find a spouse maybe have a
family and who knows maybe even the job
would be nice
Tim Ellen everybody last man standing
I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season buy my new book the serious goose
I wrote it and illustrated it all the
money I make goes to children's
hospitals across the country so you know
what to do